pages*: improve page descriptions (#12558)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/doctl-kubernetes-options.md

# doctl kubernetes options

> > Get values available for use with doctl's Kubernetes commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Get values available for use with `doctl`'s Kubernetes commands.
```
